better if he uses the Pantheon son it's
a guaranteed charm into full re combo
there's a push into the Olympian look
like special switches targets and stuns
crevel instead what a nice play down 200
L think night is on will cripple or try
and get a piece of 40 cuz he can first
plug go through special yellow feet in
the middle of the enemy team he's still
chasing down on wildturtle the barrier
dog he is an ad carry yellow pete has
flash has barrier all right so all
questions have been answered with the
ruined King opener here for Lucian it's
very high kill potential in lane he's
got extra chase now are there gonna go
in there's the time on the room oh he's
leaving yellow beat up to die there's
gonna be enough damage wells gonna pick
it up another kill why I'm back crap Oh
indeed they are discipline rating this
bottom lane opens it up worse new big to
do some counter jungling of his own he's
been
what's the berry down sweetie Jason the
distance walking as well what attack to
go fix it up wild turtle going ham
making it go down so a lot of resources
here up at the early charm on do
especially he's a little bit alone there
looks for krepo krempe does have flash
how long can you bathe this burns the
old he's still staying around late flat
hope I into the diner his face this is
not ideal Adwan though over cents very
hard little compliance with the industry
that went back anyway both they're low
on health ignite goes down daddy will
fall picked up by Reggie Reggie getting
burns down now as well skinny girl if
this was no Scooby picks up Reggie
traded back and forth and back and forth
a special coming up big with a double
kill the Skyfall gonna go for a
specialist none comes down that sharp as
well look at the bridge but there comes
a Lulu support the shield on himself as
well as special not going down the tpn
from dyrus does the damage there's a
ragged only not working either too much
there are soooo i look for one they're
going to be trading one for one so far
cyrus is going to get away with the flat
the oven in the back line the whole of
pills and that is an eighth for gsm so
that dancer
yes lady is that you do get a lot of
wave clear oh the entangled in a three
or four the chime enters the fact
goodbye preparation of all this one but
the kill still comin through TSM 3214
know on the time still going through
willing to kill apply I believe they
will another type of guilt wild kurta
pulling up ten this game there is
Heather quickly Tyros leaders of charge
of the frontline does get sharp engage
make up through Daris and a half HP
Morgan old in forever but drops down
before can explode the jinx will not do
it too much either here goes Pantheon
Snoopy in the middle the enemy team
locked up there by the odd one goes down
quickly double kill therefore the
general now the second inhibitor under
fire it's fine to 4 and 16 a lot of uh
system to dive involve their well riddle
in the battle the shield's come hi Phil
picked up Stevie the back lines head
without one for one mo felter one hits
ago yellow people low on health gonna
get out he's gonna bark breath as well
kill picked up from actually double kill
from odd ones Eve only one man left
alive pinnock stands in the background
said you didn't catch me I have a2k to
Athens game in the back out Nexus gonna
fall TSM 30 in super weak convincing
fashion the win over EG